sneaking around boston for years
tom dolan has become a master thief
earning the nickname the in-and-out
bandit
for his slick ways when it comes to
stealing large amounts of money
he turns over a new leaf when he meets
and falls in love with annie wilkins
a psychology graduate student working at
a storage unit facility
a year into their relationship tom
attempts to turn himself into the fbi in
exchange for a short sentence
so he can put his criminal past behind
him fbi agent sam baker brushes him off
having received several false
confessions in the past
and sends subordinates john ivans and
ramon hall to interview him
tom directs them to the storage unit
where his money is hidden
but knives convinces hall to steal the
money and keep it for themselves
knives and hall confront tom at gunpoint
at his hotel
but baker unexpectedly arrives knives
murders baker
and tom is forced to flee with annie
when she also arrives at the hotel
tom tells andy everything and orders her
to flee fearing for her safety
however she returns to the storage unit
to get security camera evidence that
shows knives and hall stealing the money
nivens and hall show up and nivens
knocks annie unconscious
but an increasingly reluctant hall
tricks him into thinking she is dead and
takes the evidence
unbeknownst to nivens
tom finds annie anne races her to the
hospital
he then escapes from police pursuit
defeats baker's partner sean myers in a
fist fight
and tells him what really happened
before escaping
nivens goes to the hospital to kill
annie but can't get near her because she
is under police guard
tom ambushes hall in his home and
convinces him to give up the security
footage of the storage company
which would incriminate the agents and
the location of the safe house where the
money was kept
tom gets annie out of the hospital and
leaves her in a safe place
then destroys nivan's house
nivens flees to the safe house and meets
up with hull
where tom confronts them when ivans
discovers hull turned over the security
footage
he murders him in a rage wounds tom and
escapes
anticipating his actions tom plants a
dud bomb in
ivan's car forcing him to call in a bomb
squad to disarm it
when the police discovered the stolen
money nivens is arrested
agent myers receives a voice recorder
which recorded the conversation between
knives and hull before the gunfight at
the safe house
proving tom's innocence in the death of
agent baker
tom turns himself in and myers promises
to try to get a lighter sentence for tom
you